MTM-52277 (#176)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

#### Planned

##### Breaking change in REST APIs

> As of release 10.18+, wrong value of `pageSize` or `currentPage` will result in response code of 422 instead of 500.

Reviewer: In 10.18 announcements, it should go under "Implemented".

Author: I've corrected it

#### Implemented

##### Breaking change in REST APIs

> As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0), as of release 10.18+, wrong values for `pageSize` or `currentPage` result in a response code 422 instead of 500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0), as of release 10.18+, wrong values for `pageSize` or `currentPage` result in a 422 (Unprocessable entity) HTTP status code instead of a 500 (Internal server error) HTTP status code.
```
